I'm a fairly consistent person. Perhaps even boring. I've been passionate the same activities since the age of thirteen: man's interaction with nature and ideas manifesting as software. I've also been lucky enough that one of my pursuits is also in high demand and financially sustainable. I've never had to work at a job I hate just to make money and while I've had down days, for the most part I've always found fulfillment in my work. The difference has been in the solely in the magnitude of engagement. When iI was a teenager I mostly skateboarded and snowboarded. Lately I've done a lot of software development because of its great impact and I've been fortunate enough to be able to contribute to an idea I believe in (Airbnb.com).  I have always strived for an equilibrium: a challenge for both the mind and the body; a balance between nature and technology; being spend not only physically, but also mentally at the end of the day. I've been obsessed with the idea of doing both sustainably. To create an environment where each is amplified by the other to create results that cannot be achieved by focusing on one.

To this end, I've posed to myself the challenge of snowboarding one hundred days this season, while also working full time. I've rented a condo in Breckenridge Colorado, where my girlfriend and I will spend most of the ski season. In the spirit of sharing this experience, I'm also going to be be renting out the extra bedroom on the platform I help improve, Airbnb.com. In theory, it will result in a type of harmony. A whole greater than the sum of its individual parts.

In reality, we'll see what happens.
